Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snig.
Stay tuned.
Herman Badillo came to New York City at the age of 10. He was an orphan.
He went through our city school system, and he became a lawyer.
He became a certified public accountant.
He became the borough president of the Bronx, the first Hispanic to do that.
He became the first Puerto Rican congressman elected to the congress.
And he served in my administration as the first deputy mayor who was Hispanic.
He's now running for a control room.
I know him. I like him. I have confidence in him.
We'll all be proud of him. Take my advice. Support him.
They're the best young musicians from around the country,
and each one hopes and dreams to be chosen for the most exciting adventure of their lives.
To make new friends.
To study with the masters.
And to play for the world.
Join host Dutley Moore and guest conductor Henry Mancini
for the second annual Disney's Young Musician Symphony Orchestra
exclusively on the Disney Channel.
Only one great tasting juicy flavor really gets you moving.
Get your friends geared up, grab a stick of juicy fruit.
The taste is gonna move ya.
Juicy taste going strong.
The taste of juicy fruit is gonna move ya all day long.
Juicy fruit is gonna move ya.
Song of sweet gets right to ya.
Juicy fruit, the taste, the taste, the taste is gonna move ya.
Don't tell him I said so.
But my brother is totally cool.
Totally cool.
He can take a Yuhu chocolate drink and do this with the cap.
I'm working on it.
Sorry, Ned.
But house rules. You don't have to sink one to drink one.
Yuhu, the cool way to do chocolate and baseball cards.
Look for details in your favorite store.
Can't get enough of that golden crisp.
Sugar bears after my golden crisp cereal.
Time for a granny good witch time switch.
He'll never find me in a wheelchair.
Gotta have it, oh honorable granny.
Sugar bear, never.
Great wall.
But nothing comes between my tummy
and the honey sweet crunch of golden crisp.
Bari or chopsticks?
Each part of a complete breakfast.
Did you ever throw in a row?
Sonny, won it.
Dream big play it.
Dead.
But have you ever?
Throw in a row. Do it.
Welcome to Snick, Saturday night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
And you can slide in a different nose or mouth or eyes.
Well, I thought about that when I started wondering who in my family I look like.
I mean, do I have my dad's mouth?
Or his nose?
Or his eyes?
No way.
And what about my mom?
Is that her chin?
Or her eyebrows?
And what about hairstyles?
I think I'll keep my style.
As for any resemblance to Ferguson?
Nope. Too horrifying to imagine.
No physical resemblances.
But what about personality?
I have more in common with Sam than anyone I'm related to.
And he's not like his folks at all.
His dad Arnie likes sports.
And his mom's dangerous Debbie from the roller derby actually likes busting heads.
Sam won't go near any of that.
Darwin may have figured out a lot about heredity.
But he never answered that one key question that a kid's gotta ask.
Who are these people living in my house?
Okay.
I've been sitting here for hours.
I'm supposed to make a change in my life and write about it for English.
Which narrows things down to about a billion options.
So why can't I think of one?
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Can I borrow your bike helmet?
Sure, what for?
My dad.
Just in case his head comes in contact with a flying roller skate.
You mean...
My mom.
She's only been with us a couple hours and already they're fighting.
So much for two weeks of quality time.
Yeah, I guess she'll spend the playoffs staying at the motel across town with the team.
Oh, that's a drag.
But at least it'll keep her from taking aim at your dad's skull.
Only she could be close by and still out of range.
Wait a minute.
Maybe she can stay here.
I don't know, Clarissa.
Why not?
She's been in motels a long time in motel rooms by herself.
I think she's kind of forgotten how to live with people.
And I don't want to impose on your folks.
Maybe they won't mind.
Really?
Yeah, my dad's between projects, so he's just hanging around.
And our mom's always got along.
And hey, I can do my English assignment on her.
What English assignment?
You know, the assignment we're supposed to do about changing our lives and writing about it.
Oh, right, I forgot.
Maybe I'll wear my clothes inside out for a week and see what the reaction is.
Cool.
Well, now that your mom's coming, I've got my subject.
What?
What it's like living with the roller derby's hottest skater.
Working on that stupid family tree?
Come on, Pergwad.
Mom said we have to clean up.
That's not quite accurate, sis.
Mom said, clean up the mess.
And yet you're still here.
Hmm.
How are things coming in here?
Ferguson?
Just about done, Mom.
Oh, I have a question.
Who is more important, the guy who discovered penicillin or the one who discovered anesthesia?
Ooh, that's a hard one.
Why?
I'll just go with the penicillin.
I'll make him an uncle.
Ferguson, the guy who discovered penicillin is not in our family tree.
What are you talking about?
I got him right here.
Yeah.
Squeezed between Henry VIII and General Colin Powell.
I feel a special kinship with these people.
They're my spiritual ancestors.
Give me a break.
Ooh, that must be better.
Watch some ice cream.
Getting a little drippy.
You're going to love it.
In shape for the playoffs?
We're going to annihilate them.
And I'll be there for every match.
Sam, this trip will have lots of time to spend together.
And don't forget, I know you want to gab all about what it's like to live with me.
Well, I'm happy to.
Look what you're doing for my Sam and me.
Well, you just make yourself at home.
I like the sound of that.
Well, where's my room?
All right, right this way to my study.
No, no, I'll get that.
Come on, Sam.
I'll just start to put this in the freezer.
Now that Debbie's rolled into town, I think things around here are really going to pick up speed.
First, honey, is this enough salad?
Should I make more?
I think it's plenty.
Oh, it smells so amazing, Janet.
Oh, it's one of my favorites.
Bulgur loaf.
Wow.
You know, why don't I make just a little more salad?
Oh, Debbie, you don't have to do that.
After all, you're a guest in this house.
Oh, no, you don't.
I'm no guest.
I'm Debbie and Debbie dives in.
Well, whatever makes you happy, just be yourself.
Let's more like it.
I don't want to hear that word guest again.
Deal?
Deal.
Oh, did that hurt me?
Oh, not really, I guess.
Uh-huh, I'm so stupid.
I forgot.
That's how we roller derby gal seal a deal with each other.
Oh, certainly brings people together.
Maybe I should make a note of that for my paper.
Yeah, I get kind of carried away,
but if I do anything out of line, you just let me know.
You know, it might be easier if I don't use the tong.
Why, you just got to wash your hands anyway.
Anyone bites on anything crunchy?
Uh, it's not a crude time.
I think I lost a press on nail.
Okay, Sam's mom has been here four days now,
and I have to admit,
she certainly doesn't fit in typical mom land.
She brought a lovely hostess gift.
My mom loved the flowers.
Of course, she loved them more
when they were growing in her planters.
I wonder that pretty well.
But when Debbie said she was bringing along
a couple of her friends for tea,
mom realized Debbie's got a lot of friends.
And last night, mom had everything ready
for a great Italian dinner.
Antipasto, eggplant parmesan, garlic bread.
For some reason, we all lost our taste for spaghetti.
Let's face it, this is starting to take a toll
on old Janet Darling.
Mom's getting pretty tight.
It's like this, mothers rule the roost,
and Debbie's roosting in mom's hair.
Ferguson, you know, my, uh, my uncle Louis was famous.
How famous?
Very famous.
You should include him in your family tree.
Dad, didn't Uncle Louis
install aluminum gutters and drains?
Yeah.
Why, he wasn't famous for his work,
but for his lunch.
Sour cream, sauerkraut, sauerbrotten,
topped off with a big ol' slice of Limburger cheese.
Gross.
Yeah.
He was such a regular at that deli
that they named a sandwich after him.
The Limburger Louis Lulu, $3.95.
That's great, Dad,
Brian Gumbel.
What can I say, you gotta do better than that.
Thanks for dinner, Mrs. Darling.
Oh, you know, you're always welcome, Samuel.
This is delicious Marshall Best pudding I ever ate.
I just followed the package instructions.
Really?
Wow.
You know, watching you in the kitchen
made me wonder, now how come
no one has ever designed a line
of kitchen gadgets for novices?
You could, Dad.
You know, Debbie cooking in no time.
Don't count on it.
Sam's right.
I could teach you, Mom, as long as there's not too many steps
and you don't have to be neat.
Yeah, the same with Helga Hartwell
taught her mom to skate.
Who?
Helga and Leonora Hartwell from the Detroit Destroyers.
You mean, I never told you about the time
I skated against the two of them?
Clarissa, this'll be great for your report.
Okay.
Helga and Leonora were blocking me.
Wait.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
When, all of a sudden, I spin around.
Are you sure you're all right?
Yeah.
Oh, that's a mess.
Marshall, I think I hit one of your buildings.
Is it okay?
A little touch here and there.
You all right?
At least let me fix it.
No, please.
It's all right.
You sure?
Really.
Don't worry about it, Debbie.
Oh, maybe I'll walk you home, Sam.
Yeah, we better go.
Don't wait up.
I got my key.
Night, Sam.
Good night.
Well, looks like my gurgling Zagogo is gone, gone, gone.
Marshall, you worked really hard on designing that.
No, that's all right.
No, it's not all right.
This isn't Madison Square Garden.
This is our home.
Don't remember for this, this way.
Yeah, well, it must be all those years on the road.
How do we get ourselves into this?
I guess I kind of blew it, huh?
Oh, no, honey.
There's no way you could have known.
Yeah, it's just two weeks' sport, you know.
Should be out of our home.
The only question is when she leaves, will we have any home left?
More Clarissa.
More Snick.
After this.
It's not that I want to see other people.
It's just...
You deserve better than me.
It's that old saying.
I want to let you be free.
If you love a butterfly, set it free.
Go.
And if it comes back.
If there was a word between friend and boyfriend, like...
Casual.
Friend of boy.
Really good friends.
Every East Pack Pack Pack comes with a lifetime guarantee,
provided you can handle the commitment.
Everything's going to be the same.
Only we're just not going to kiss.
Okay?
Let me see.
Chris.
I love video scavenger hunting.
Let's roll.
Spotted dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand.
Got it.
Twins?
I always see twins.
And McDonald's.
Oh.
Spotted dogs.
Hey.
A rock group.
For me.
They convert them.
I always see red converting.
At McDonald's.
Hey, we're doing great.
Look.
Twins.
Not anymore.
I knew we'd find everything at McDonald's.
What did you say something?
There are a lot of magazines out there that take sides.
What we do is take pictures.
Life.
It's what you make of it.
An important message for anyone interested in discovering a multicultural world.
It's now available with nothing lost in translation.
Life.
It's what you make of it.
World-famous Plaza Automall presents America's favorite 93 year-end price smash.
Like a Honda Accord LX for only $14,295.
An Acura Legend for only $355 a month.
An old Zachiva S sedan for $12,995.
A Mazda Protégé for just $96,95.
Or a Saab 9000 CX for just $3.99 per month.
Plus hundreds more.
Smart buyers know.
Now's the time and plazas the place.
Just minutes away at 2740 Nostrand Avenue in Brooklyn.
Don't miss it.
Watching.
Nick!
And now, back to Clarissa, explains it all.
Okay.
If Debbie's visit with the darlings were a roller derby match,
the score would be Debbie 5, darling 0.
It's been almost a week now.
Her team is killing in the playoffs,
and the darlings are taking a bruising too.
But Debbie's not the only thing that's crazy around here.
Here's an update.
With Debbie and my dad's study,
dad's been in the kitchen,
redesigning things that seem to work fine before he started.
Like the salad tosser dressing dispenser.
How strencher is more like it.
As for Furgrat,
he's still trying to find family members he can admire.
If we're lucky,
he'll just change his name and move away.
And then there's my mom.
Debbie's such a mess that mom's turned into a clean fanatic.
Is there ever a point in life
when your mom isn't allowed to say clean your room?
Okay, so Debbie's messy.
But does that mean mom has to come down super hard on us?
Why doesn't Sam's mom stay with us?
Good thinking, sis.
I've been dying for a chance to scrub the porch.
Plus, honey, when you threw there,
I could use a little help in the basement.
Does that have to be now?
Yes, if we want to get started on the attic tonight.
And then there's the garage,
and the shed needs a good going on.
Mom, let's face it.
Sam's mom's bothering you.
Well, I always like things to be neat,
and I am feeling a little tense.
Well, why don't you talk to her? Tell her she's bugging you.
Of course, so that wouldn't be polite.
She's a guest, an invited guest,
and you don't invite a person into your house
just to criticize them because
they don't see the world the way you do.
Nothing I call made bread.
Okay, Mom, as long as we don't all drive each other crazy.
You're right. I feel better after talking to you.
Great, Mom.
So I'll see you downstairs
and we'll get started on those cleaning projects?
Yeah, sure, Mom.
Oh, this stone is dirty.
Okay.
Sam's mom and my mom are so different.
I guess it's a good thing she's keeping her feelings in.
What would happen if she let them out?
What if my mom holds everything in
until it all bursts out at once?
I'd better talk to Debbie.
It may be impolite, but if nobody deals with her,
things could get downright rude.
Hey, Clarissa.
Can I introduce you some more for my English paper?
Sure, honey. Shoot.
Okay, let me ask you that.
What do you do if someone invades your space?
Only one thing to do.
Mangle and maneuver.
Mangle and maneuver?
Get them out of your face and take their place.
Okay, sure.
But I'm not really talking about in the roller derby.
I'm talking about in life.
Oh, it's a difference.
Okay.
Hi.
Oh, see, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to barge in.
Hey, it's me, Debbie.
What do you need?
Can I have a look at things?
Maybe six guys and overalls?
Oh, jeez.
Am I too spread out?
No, no, no.
That's all right.
Sketch pad's on the desk, and I'm going to...
Has anybody seen my desk?
The phone.
Where's the phone?
Yeah, well, the last time I saw it was by the sketch pad.
Are we getting close?
Yeah, no, is it getting louder?
This can't be all my stuff, can it?
Oh, I'm expecting an important call.
Can somebody get the phone?
Ah, found it.
Hello?
Uh, they hung up.
Pretty dumb move, huh?
No, it's okay.
It's just stuff on top of a phone.
I mean, it could ring.
They'll probably call back.
I'll be more careful.
Oh, well, don't worry about it, Debbie.
Yeah, don't give her a thought.
You know, kid, your parents,
they got good stuff inside.
Yeah, they keep a lot of stuff inside.
Maybe too much.
Well, I tried.
I guess there's no one who can tell Debbie
she's making my mom nuts.
Or is there?
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa, is my mom around?
Probably, she's one of the family now.
Are you upset about something, Clarissa?
Look, we can talk about anything, right?
Sure.
Okay, Sam.
Your mom's gotta go and you've gotta tell her.
What?
Why?
She turned my whole house upside down.
She's making my mom into a crazy woman.
What a disaster.
Well, it probably wouldn't be so bad
if your mom wasn't so uptight.
What?
What are you guys calling my mom uptight?
Well, you said my mom was a household disaster.
She is.
She's a mess.
She is not.
Your mom's a neat freak.
Take that back.
Why should I?
Whoa, whoa.
No, I mean it.
Sam, what are we fighting about?
I don't know.
You said some stuff, so I had to say some stuff,
and I don't know.
Me neither.
The whole thing is beat.
Now this is coming between you and me.
Do you really want my mom to leave?
I don't think we can make it through another week.
It's too bad, too.
With her close by, go to all our matches with her.
We go shopping, walking, everything.
Must have been great for you, huh?
She's driving me crazy.
What, you too?
Well, a little.
I mean, I love my mom, but let's face it,
she comes on kind of strong.
I wouldn't feel too bad.
I mean, I think it's just part of a parent's job description.
I feel so strange about telling her, Clarissa.
I mean, she's mom.
Well, I guess there's no other choice.
Your mom won't speak up, so my mom's got to move out.
Unless?
Unless what?
Well, my mom thinks there's only a week left.
But what if there was more?
A lot more.
What do you mean, Clarissa?
I get the feeling your mom's going to have a reason
to stick around for a good long time.
My cordless cheese grater.
Why?
Did they ask the right brother's wine?
I can't get any peace around here, none at all.
Hi, Debbie.
Well, practice went great.
We should really slaughter them tonight.
Are the kids here?
Hey, Clarissa! Sam!
Oh, wait till they hear the news.
What news?
Mom?
What's going on?
Guess who got the strangest letter.
It's from the Malaysia National Roller Derby Squad,
Bailey Mahlers.
It says here they want me to coach them.
You're moving to Malaysia?
Oh, how soon? I mean, this is so sudden.
I'm not moving. They're coming here.
Why? Why not go to Malaysia?
I think you should go. I would go.
It's a wonderful opportunity.
I could even help you pack.
They want to see America. They're going to do it here.
Here? You mean here, like the United States?
No, silly, right here in town.
A one-month crash course.
And I do mean crash course.
Gee, where are you going to stay?
Yeah, somewhere in town.
I don't know. I thought maybe I would move into the motel.
All the way out by the arena?
That's pretty far.
It makes sense. I'll never get to see you, though.
Well, Debbie, I think you could stay here.
Oh, no. I don't want to put you out.
No, I mean, for Sam, it would be good.
And, well, there's a couple of things we have to do.
Debbie, I need to say something.
Look, Janet, before you say anything,
I've got to get something off my chest.
You're driving me crazy.
I'm driving you crazy?
Look, this is your house. You live any way you want.
But all this neatness, all these manners,
I'm just not used to it.
We never meant to make you feel uncomfortable.
Oh, it's not your fault. It's just that...
Well, I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
I'm a little sloppy.
Oh, well, I don't know.
Maybe I'm tidy.
A little bit of tidy.
Of course, that's what you'd say,
because you're so darn polite.
But it's driving me up the wall.
Oh, this is driving me up the wall, too.
Ever since I came here, it's been,
Debbie, make yourself at home.
Debbie, just act naturally. Just be yourself.
But when I do that, I feel as out of place
as you would in a roller derby.
Oh, so what you're saying is...
What?
Maybe around here, I could be a little more like you guys.
Maybe just a little.
Okay, by me.
Oh, Sam, let's see if there's anything
to tidy up in the kitchen.
Okay, Mom.
Well, that one better than I thought it would.
What's that, dear?
Oh, nothing.
Gee, do you think this change in Debbie
will affect her performance?
I don't know. I don't think there's going to be
that big a change.
Mom, Mom, Dad, you'll never guess what I found.
What is it, Ferguson?
Pride is restored to our lineage.
Behold, our great-great-great-granduncle
Jedidiah Darling.
He made a fortune during the gold rush.
Huh? Hit the motherload?
Dad, anyone could have done that.
This man was a visionary.
He sold saddlebags to all the chumps
who went out there panning for gold.
I wish I lived back then.
Two of us.
Marshal, your toaster in there.
Is it dishwasher safe?
Oh, here, let us give you a hand in there, Debbie.
Well, I guess you can take Debbie out of the derby,
but you can't take the derby out of Debbie.
Let me get just one more picture of you in that metal.
Geez.
Great, that one can go on the cover of your report.
Now get one of me with Sam.
Okay, send me a copy.
You bet.
Well, that's it then.
But, you know, I still can't figure out that letter from Malaysia.
I know it. It's a real mystery.
There is no ruler derby in Malaysia.
They never heard of it.
Must have been some kind of hoax.
I guess.
Well, I better be going. The team bus is leaving soon.
Goodbye, sweetie.
I can't say I'm big enough thank you to both of you
for everything you've done.
Oh, well, you know you're always welcome.
Anytime.
Next time in town, I'm heading straight here.
Deal?
Deal.
I almost forgot.
My kitchen experiments.
You know, you'd like to have them.
No offense, Marshal, but I don't want them.
Well, why not?
Well, Marshal, I'm not bad in the kitchen because I'm inept.
I just don't want to cook.
Oh.
Is not cooking so bad?
Bad?
Nah.
It's just you.
I guess, all right.
Take care.
Clarissa and your math class.
Mark Summers in the gym.
Slime on your principal.
Could be if you win.
The Nick takes over your school sweepstakes.
Look for details tomorrow only on Nickelodeon.
It's Nick after this.
Nick is kids.
And if you're a kid, you're in.
If you're not.
Because Nick is kids.
Every kid, everywhere, anywhere, every place, anytime.
North Pole to South Pole, New York to New Guinea.
Nick is kids.
No matter who, no matter where.
Kids with big feet and small heads.
Small feet and big heads.
Kids who slurp.
Kids who burp.
Excuse me.
Nick is kids.
Wide receiver Andre Ryzen and defensive lineman Reggie White
both agree on Foot Locker for the new Nike Cross Trainers.
But they don't agree on what cross training is.
And they don't like it.
They do too.
You call that cross training?
Two down, two down.
What else you got?
That is big fella.
The new Nike Cross Trainers.
Now at Foot Locker where it all begins.
Hey dude.
It's not your clothes you need to change.
It's your pants.
Yikes.
Yikes are the only pencils as unique as you.
Yikes are pencils and erasers without rages, shapes and colors
that go straight to the core.
Because you can't look sharp with all pencils.
Sorry dad.
Yikes can't work miracles.
They write like other pencils but they make you go yikes.
Just when all the cute little trolls thought it was safe to come out and play.
It's like nothing you've ever seen.
Because it is nothing you've ever seen.
It's an all new scary tale on Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight on Snick.
Snick.
Snick Snick Snick Snick Snick Snick Snick Snick.
Come on Jimmy, we're going to the mall the lawyer.
Nah thanks, I'm not in the mood.
Suit yourself.
Of course, you can always have an imaginary friend.
So you want to have a catch?
Then again, actual humans make better friends.
Sure.
Then again they do have their limitation.
A good friendship can last longer than a bad marriage.
To you Jimmy, promise to wed you, moogie and generally pick on Billy.
And when you play Monopoly, will you let him be the race car even if that means you get stuck with being a thimble?
And do you Billy promise to insult and embarrass Jimmy and pick him his kickball even though he's a total goober?
We do. I now pronounce you best friend. You may now
kick each other's butts.
No further marriage analogies. Class is now on the session.
I'm only telling you this secret because you're my best friend. If anybody found out, I would really die.
Laura, Julie, I thought I told you no cellulophones in class.
Mom, I wish there was some way I could stay on the phone all the time.
Introducing Headphone. The telephone is surgically implanted in your head. Now you can make a phone call anytime, anywhere.
Hey, are your ears ringing?
Well, I guess they are. Hello? Don't speak your mouth.
Hello? Your speakers are wired to make you be lost. No, it's not.
Now, when you lost your machine, the surgically implanted fax machine. Hey, who cut the fax?
Girls, this is your last warning. You should be in the middle of working on your joint book report on Lewis and Clark.
It's due on Monday. Here come Mandy and Jennifer. They're the ultimate and best friends. We're going to cell call.
We're gonna play short stuff. What good friends? Kind of like you guys. Hey Laura, Julie told me about your big secret.
Unbelievable.
Julie, I can't believe you told.
Oh my gosh, Julie just hurt my feelings. I could talk to her about it and see if there was some misunderstanding.
After all, she is my best friend. So naturally, I'll do the best I can to hurt her back.
So you decided to stab your best friend in the back. Well, you need a burst of energy. You need betrayal mix.
The new snack food, especially for those with an appetite, for getting even.
Ew, it's bitter.
Well, of course it does. But bitterness is only part of what you get.
Betrayal mix has nuts because you'd have to be to want to turn on your best friend.
Raisins are raising the walls between you and those little indescribable lungs that look like your dog left them in the back.
Let's face it, if you're gonna stew to it, you might as well eat it.
You can get Betrayal mix at your nearest SpiceCoast store for the traditional 30 pieces of silver.
Hey buddy, you put socks in your bra. And that's not off. You're about it so big, each cheek has its own zip code.
You gonna let her talk that way about your big old buffalo butt?
No, of course not. Laura, you're so ugly.
Uh, wait, I got it right on the tip of my tongue.
Tongue?
Yeah, that's right.
Just can't get those insults to come out right.
Put a cutting edge on those put downs with a new tongue sharpener from Yo Mamako.
The tongue sharpener will give your words the cutting power they need for pointed remark, unkind jabs and piercing insults.
Ew, but be careful. You can put someone's eye out with that thing.
Uh, where were we?
She was talking about your tired groundscape and saggy booty.
Okay, that's right. You're so hairy that on your school ID, they put your A's down in door gear.
Hey, that's hairy.
And you're so ugly that when you go to the zoo, the animals drop peanuts at you.
And in fact, you are so ugly that you have to keep your makeup in a snake bite kit.
Look at those things to me. Our friendship is over.
But I can explain. Don't bother. There's a wall between us.
Does this mean you guys aren't doing your book report together?
This is verging on tragic. I don't find a new best friend fast.
I'll start from the top. The most popular girl in school.
Do you have an appointment?
I'm here to see the most popular girl in school.
And you are?
Laura.
Yes, I'm sure you're very important. Look, take a number.
And the popular girl will be with you in a moment.
Hearing up that calendar.
I'm cleverly illustrating the passage of time.
Number 2085.
Popular girl, we'll see you now.
Hi, whoever you are.
Take a seat.
You are my best friends for the next 15 seconds.
Don't you hate all my former and future best friends right now?
I do. Excuse me.
But there were 17 girls named Heather waiting out there to see you.
I feel so close to you.
Can you take her out now?
Yeah.
I never forget to reserve a space to my slumber party.
Halls before I release the dogs.
By the way, hope everyone's heard about Laura's big secret.
Great! Now the whole school knows.
Gotta go home.
Which will snick again.
Though that Nick is kids, but now Nick is more kids.
Because on September 1st, 1993, Nickelodeon will hit the airwaves of the United Kingdom.
Where they talk like this, so kids over there will have a channel just like you do.
And a place to call their own.
It's just the beginning of a new Nick world where one day, no matter how you speak, or where you live.
If you're a kid, you'll have the inalienable right to Nickelodeon, even if you live out of this world.
Nickelodeon, the first planetary channel for kids.
Hey, the way you help out around the house, like weed the garden, you deserve a good time.
That's why every day Pizza Hut has the kids' pizza pack.
You get a personal pan pizza, cup, and cool surprise.
Hey, you've earned it, so Aunt Donnie wants to kiss you.
A powerful force has come to Pizza Hut, Marvel Comics X-Men.
For June 19th, you can get a personal pan pizza X-Men cup, and one of four all new exclusive edition X-Men comic books.
You won't get this X-Men experience anywhere else. No doubt about it.
Mr. Turtle, how many licks does it take to get to the Tootsie Roll Center of a Tootsie Paw?
I never made it without biting. Ask Mr. Owl.
Mr. Owl, how many licks does it take to get to the Tootsie Roll Center of a Tootsie Paw?
Let's find out one, two, three, three.
How many licks does it take to get to the Tootsie Roll Center of a Tootsie Paw?
The world may never know.
Wienerville is one show worth playing for.
I want it!
Nickelodeon Wienerville, every Sunday afternoon right here on Nick.
Right now, Kool-Aid is giving you the chance to be one of 50 lucky kids
to get 60 incredible seconds to get as much as you can from a KB toy store.
If you find a KB coin inside a Kool-Aid canister,
get one!
Open P.U.S. Residence H14 and under for official rules on how to enter without purchase right to
rules PO Box 7691 to Belleville, New York 11775-7691.
Floyd, we're prohibited.
If I had my way, I'd change my hair.
Or to give the kids a meal the way I like it with no pickles.
Sure.
Yeah.
Now at Burger King, you can collect Save the Animal cards.
You can save mammals, fish, birds, and red cows and amphibians.
There's 17 cards and four albums, one with every kids meal.
You can save them in albums.
Or treat them with friends.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
I think I'm getting a hair.
Now it's just another blackhead.
I'm never going to have another facial hair to shave.
I suppose a written loser like me supposed to do.
Here, try this.
It's the Nick Shaving Kit.
Adhesive pieces of ripped toilet paper stained with fake flood to give you that just shave
look that makes you look like a real man.
Wow!
Now I've got that just shave look that makes me look like a real man.
And there's even a kid for girls.
Time to wait for your hormones to kick in.
Desperate.
I guess I can be friends with my...
Yeah.
Brother.
Hi, Tony.
What's up?
I wasn't using your shaving kit.
I was just cleaning it.
It's okay, Tony.
What's mine is yours.
Why don't I treat you to a movie later?
Hey, little guy.
Why so glum?
What's my big sister?
Picks on you, huh?
No, actually, she just offered to take me to the movies.
She let me look at her Veronica's secret catalog.
I'm starting to think she's not so bad after all.
Well, now for those rare moments when you think you're actually starting to like your sister.
There's Haterade.
Oh, but I'm not thirsty.
Haterade will quench all those warm, brotherly feelings
and replace them with all the homicidal rage
you usually feel for your contemptuous little witch of a sister.
Haterade, that deep down burning hate.
Also try totally indifferent towards her age
because nothing bugs a girl more than being ignored.
Julie is waiting for you outside.
At least I think it's Julie.
She's behind a brick wall.
Tell her I'm busy watching the same stuff on TV over and over again.
Okay.
Are you sick and tired of watching the same stuff on TV over and over again?
Now there's Not TV, the channel that has all stuff
that you absolutely positively will not ever hear on TV.
Take back more feelings.
Dang, Roseanne, you sure look good in that bikini.
And the Nobel Prize for physics goes to Barney.
Take Pope John Paul in second to block.
I have to keep watching this inviting satire of television,
but I've got a slumber party sketch.
That's a slumber party with your host.
First of all, I'd like to applaud all my lucky best friends
for being at my slumber party.
How nice for you.
Let's begin by congratulating Mandy and Jennifer
on their operation that brought them even closer.
We're finally joined at the hip,
and please call us Mandifer.
Whatever best friend you are.
I'd love to, but with this sitting wall
I can't fit through the door.
Oh, besides, my ex-best friend is here.
Great, I've been morally annihilated
and now I have to participate in slumber party activities.
In the tradition of Rocky and Kickboxer comes Pillow Fight.
Let's get ready to rumble.
No, you're wearing too much mascara.
Oh, try this flesh with a compliment color.
Take a swig of diet soda.
Make sure she's pinned between the dresser and the nightstand.
I follow everybody's style with a short yob and a white bra.
But that doesn't work.
Pillow Fight, coming soon to a slumber party near you.
Okay, best friend.
It's bedtime and your chance to admire my Julie Krustin sleeping bag.
Wow, but wait until you get a load of my Luke Perry
sideburn shaped sleeping bag.
Well, I've got this rugged waterproof bag.
How embarrassing.
Julie usually lends me her sleeping bag.
Even worse, I'm talking to a camera.
Okay, it's time to freeze somebody's panty.
I kind of need to go.
But you promised to spend the night.
I know it's just that I'm sick.
You don't look sick.
Well, now you can.
With Pepto-Dizmo.
Pepto-Dizmo simulates the effects of dozens of contagious childhood illnesses
including chickenpox, mumps, and discended bowel syndrome.
What's the matter?
I think I've got measles or scurvy
or maybe I'm just going to spew not just...
Pepto-Dizmo brought to you by federal distress
for when you absolutely, positively can't be there overnight.
Hey.
Thanks for caring.
Well, I don't really.
I just wanted you to repave the driveway.
Hey, why don't you get your best friend with the wall to give you a hand?
Besides, I thought you two were working on that book report together.
Talk to you.
Maybe I should try to make up with her.
And welcome to Sally Jesse Raphael.
I'm Sally.
I'm Jesse.
I'm Rocquiel.
Our topic for today is best friends,
assets or pain in the assets.
Yo, my bro, that's the topic of the show.
See, here with us are Laura and Julie
who were besties forever until a tragic argument ended their dream.
Well, audience, how does this make us feel?
Woo, woo.
That barking stuff has got to go.
You must have got tickets to the wrong show.
See, hello.
Is the caller there?
Hello.
I'd like a small pizza and a side order.
A twisty bread.
Hello?
Never mind the call.
Laura, Julie, you've been fighting
but you both told me before the show
that you would like to make up.
That's right.
Laura, you're willing to make up with Julie
even though she had no regard for your feelings
and blabbed your most personal secret to the entire school?
Oh, I'm over that.
And she also gave your phone number to every guy
in the audio visual club.
I didn't know that.
And Julie, you're willing to make up with Laura
even though she put a centipede in your gym sock.
That was you.
Faith and you two hate each other.
But you're willing to forgive and forget.
Okay?
Because you do anything to be on television.
And we'll be right back after this message.
I'm Shannon Doherty.
If you've blown hot air like I have,
you know nothing is more aromatic than bitterness and spite.
That's why I endorse revenge.
The perfume.
What could be better than the sweet smell of revenge?
Just ask my underling, Luke Perry.
I hope they send you to college in Iraq, you psycho.
Not to mention revenge is hands-on applicator loop.
Just think of it as a restraining odor.
Okay, just don't get engaged to me
and then try and shoot me, all right?
So, if you're holding a grudge, do what I do.
And don't get mad.
Get revenge.
Ah, the swell of it.
Okay, friends.
Now, isn't it time to break down that wall between you?
I think the audience would like to see a hug.
It's gonna be a brutal battle.
There's one big, the other battle.
And I'm still excited to go there and defeat.
It's only war.
This is war.
House and the Big Orange couch will sneak again after this.
No TV.
No parents.
No phone.
No piano lessons.
Playing baseball and living in a bunk, it's totally uncivilized.
Playing baseball and living in a bunk, it's total freedom.
If you despise camp, watch Salute Your Shorts.
And if you love camp, watch Salute Your Shorts.
Nickelodeon loves, hates, camp on Salute Your Shorts.
Weekdays at 5.30, 4.30 Central.
On Nickelodeon.
I didn't seem to see too much savings,
but I do remember them telling me that I had a great choice,
but it just didn't work for me.
I guess I had to learn to learn the hard way.
Have you heard?
Now AT&T could save you more than MCI or Sprint.
If you spend $40 a month, you could save 25% off our basic rates
on calls to your favorite area code,
and 15% off calls everywhere else anytime.
Great prices, another part of the I plan.
Switch now, it's free.
Just call 1-800-622-8880.
Service is a big, important feature with me.
Service is the key.
I switched back to AT&T, had the service that they're obviously known for.
So, back to AT&T.
I just really wasn't that happy with it,
so I switched back for free.
AT&T is the only choice.
I can't go wrong with AT&T.
Prices that could beat MCI or Sprint plus the best customer service.
I is for individual.
It's why so many people are switching to AT&T.
After 50 years, Tom and Jerry are coming to theaters
in their very first major motion picture.
Why not share the fun with your family?
It's Tom and Jerry the Movie, rated G.
Now play.
We now return to Roundhouse & Snick.
Only on Nick.
No, that you are down, alright?
Because you broke up with your best friend.
Nobody seems to like you anymore.
Oh, you couldn't fit in at all
at that popular girl's slumber party.
Okay, okay.
Get to the point.
Well, what we're trying to say is,
you can always just think of your dad and me
as your best friend, huh?
Hey, what's that?
Being friends with you is like...
Stop that giggling back there.
Don't make me separate you and your parents.
Dad's got cooties. Pass it on.
Hey, hey, hey, what do you say tomorrow?
We all wear matching flags.
Yeah, and we can go to the dance together.
Oh, yeah, now you're talking...
Sorry to burst your bubble, honey.
That's okay. I wasn't enjoying that thought one bit.
Well, never mind. We've got a family dinner to go to.
He was a 15-year-old high school freshman.
She was a toddler barely out of diapers.
Every Thanksgiving, they had one thing in common.
They had to sit at the kiddie table.
Susie, would you like me to cut your meat?
Yes.
And Tony, would you like me to cut cut?
No, I'm quite proficient in using my own cutlery.
Thank you.
Well, then, I'll just leave you two to your fun.
The kiddie table.
Coming soon to a family dinner near you.
See your best friend. She's very unhappy.
She's standing behind a cardboard wall.
What else do you see?
I see LaToya Jackson needs a day job.
And I see a girl with a very unusual hairstyle.
Look at her yourself. That's what friends are for.
And remember, keep smiling, keep shining, knowing you can.
Okay.
This is just a reminder.
Laura and Julie will now do the report on Lewis and Clark, co-founders of the West.
But first, they've got to make up.
Our report was supposed to be about a great team.
About Clark.
Maybe if some people knew better than to go against their word,
we could do this together.
Just give me a chance.
Can't we talk about it?
Nope.
Can we sing about it?
There's more.
Witness the exciting thrills of the Pac-Man stunt show at Six Flags Great Adventure.
Get these great savings with specially marked hands of Coca-Cola Classic and Diet Coke.
If you got a question about your cable bill or paper view,
if you're moving or a trail view,
if you need a service call or you need a repair,
whatever you need, just give us a call 9-0-0.
Delta from the very start.
I got the heart, it's Mars to play the part.
Delta creeping through with an overhead view
because the man's got to do what a man's got to do
so I stay on track, collect the facts,
never cut slack, and I always watch my back for jacks.
Delta, damn.
Soon as then, I'm the man with the plan
because the power's in my head and the power's in my hands.
Delta.
You?
No.
Thank you.
Look.
Nice.
Hello.
What?
What are you doing, man?
I am brushing my teeth, Ren.
Boy, what a waste of time.
You'll be sorry when all your teeth fall out.
Are you talking kid stuff?
Crazy stuff.
I've never brushed before, and I'm not about to start now.
Well, maybe you should, Ren.
If you want to have a nice smile like mine,
a big deal.
I'll show you a smile.
My tooth.
It hurts.
Why, Stimpy?
Why?
There.
There now.
I know it hurts.
Why does it hurt?
Did I ever tell you the story about the tooth beaver, Ren?
Tell me a story.
Well, you see, Ren,
inside every mouth, there are teeth.
And wherever there's teeth,
you'll find the tooth beaver.
And where you find the tooth beaver,
you'll find a nerve ending.
Now, your nerve endings are the tastiest part of your body,
and your tooth beaver knows this.
I guess you're ready to brush your teeth with me tonight.
Oh, no you don't.
I told you before, brushing your teeth is for human.
Kid stuff.
Crazy stuff.
This is too stinky even for me.
Oh, man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Taste, cripes.
What is that smell?
Oh, jeez.
Oh, man.
I don't know, man, but it's ruining my meal.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
We're trying to eat here.
And you stand here, airing out your stinky old gum holes.
What are you trying to do?
Make us puke?
What's wrong, Ren?
You're stinky.
I've been a fool.
I should have brushed my teeth,
but now my teeth, they are gone.
And all I have left
are stinky holes.
Hmm.
Oh, look on the bright side, Ren.
At least you still got your nerve endings.
My nerve endings?
What good are they going to do me?
Would you like me to tell you a little story?
A story.
If you put your nerve endings under your pillow tonight,
the nerve-ending fairy will come and take them away.
And she'll leave you $100 bills.
Then you can buy new teeth.
Oh, Stimpy, you are my friend.
I smell something stinky.
Time to pay up.
Hmm.
Out of bills.
Wait.
There we go.
Ball of lint.
That's good enough for him.
Good morning, Ren.
Oh, is it time for my mash?
Oh, Stimpy.
Happy birthday, Ren.
For me?
You should know.
Why?
It's beautiful.
Go ahead. Try it on.
Oh, Stimpy.
I love my you tooth.
Thank you.
Hey, kids.
Wait till you see what's new from the amazing world of Log.
Start heading for the store right now
because you can't live without the all-new Puppet Show Log.
The Variable Speed Electro Log.
GI Log.
Girls, you love Baby Wet Myself Log.
And you boys will have hours of fun
playing Fort with Frontier Log.
Everyone will marvel at the Visible Log
and Invisible Log.
You'll want to be the first on your block
to sport the new line of Log Wear,
like the Log Helmet
and snug-fitting Log Underwear for petite
and portly sizes.
Rush to buy the new Log Lunchbox.
Learn about nature with the anatomically correct Log.
And visit distant worlds with the Log of Tomorrow.
And, boy, will your friends' eyes bug out of their skulls
when they see your new Super Deluxe Ultra Log.
Hurry. Rush to the store
because supplies can't last on products this good.
It's Log. It's Log.
Log from Bramo.
Batteries not included.
Friends Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
He has no upper lip, like this.
He shaves his entire body.
His ears. Ooh.
Is he's got one of those unibrow's?
I hate that.
A remote control holder for my birthday.
Thank you.
He calls me Amigo.
He reads Mercenary Magazine.
He waxes his chest.
Dinosaur making is not legitimate profession at all.
East-packed backpacks come with a lifetime guarantee
against defects.
If only the same could be said for boyfriends.
He bites his toenails.
Ugh.
A single mother of five.
A psychedelic bus.
And a dream of rock and roll super stardom.
It's sort of far out, but it just might work.
The Partridge family is Classic TV.
Every week night at 8-7 Central on Nick at Night.
Looking for a great value on a sports sedan?
Well, your local Nissan dealers are having one of their
biggest sales events of the year.
I was in a right place.
It must have been a right time.
Your XE limited edition with an airbag for only $500 down
at $169 a month.
You'll get air conditioning, cruise control,
and an AM-FM stereo cassette at no extra charge.
Your local Nissan dealer, it's the right place.
It's the right time.
Out within a right place.
In a month without a right time.
Naked mole rats at the Bronx Zoo Wildlife Park
where imaginations run wild.
York's most spectacular new home doesn't belong to an heiress.
A film star or the Donald.
It belongs to Donkey and Friends.
The new secrets of the aquarium in Coney Island
where imaginations run wild.
And now, back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
You know Stimpy?
With your invention and my savvy,
we'll corner the rubber nipple market.
We'll be millionaires.
We'll rule the world.
Just grand.
I am not in this for financial gain.
I have a dream.
I believe one day that everyone,
everywhere,
will know the wonders of my nipples.
Fine.
You keep your dream and I'll keep the money.
Now shut up and drive.
I'm driving, I'm driving.
I can hardly contain myself.
Just where do you think you're going?
I was gonna sell some rubber nipples.
You don't know how to sell anything.
You can't even wheeze by yourself.
Now stand back and watch your real salesman at work.
Okay, Ren.
I've had it up to here with the likes of you people.
Whoops.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were a...
circus midget.
I have a new dream, Ren.
What's your dream?
That someday,
then I will be as good a salesman as you, Ren.
Now shut up and let me do the talking.
Do I know you?
I don't think so.
Would you like to take a look at some fine rubber nipples?
Did my wife send you?
No, sir.
But you look like someone who could really use some rubber nipples.
How do I know you're not from the FBI?
Sir, I can assure you we're only salesmen.
Alright, so I made a mistake.
One mistake?
Then a man start over.
Do I have to keep on paying?
Maybe I should make another mistake.
Maybe two more.
Please, sir.
I think one mistake is cleaning.
Just let me show you what's inside here.
Don't do it, man.
I'm not armed.
We really just want to sell you some rubber nipples.
See?
Oh.
It is a nipple.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, what you must think of me.
Forget everything I said.
So, nipples, huh?
Hmm.
No, sir.
I don't think I have any use for rubber nipples.
I'll tell you what, though.
Do you have any rubber walrus protectors?
Ren.
What is it, man?
Oh, please.
Can I talk in the next house?
Can I, can I, huh?
Oh, please, please, please.
Can I, huh?
Get the hold of yourself, man.
All right, all right.
Shut up and get in the truck.
Joy.
Hello, sir.
Would you like to buy some shiny new rubber nipples?
I made them myself.
Nipples, huh?
Let me ask the wife.
Honey, are we short on rubber nipples?
Now, dear, don't you go buy new rubber nipples
when you don't use the ones you already have.
Well, maybe I would if they weren't all chewed up.
Come on in, boys.
Let's see what you got.
Well, sir, you know, rubber nipples have come a long way
since you were a child.
I bet you thought rubber nipples were just a put in your mouth.
Well, yeah, actually.
Well, nowadays there's a thousand and one uses
for my handy dandy rubber nipples.
Observe.
They're perfect for storing your hair trimings.
Now, there's something the little woman can use.
They're perfect for getting at those hide-to-reach places.
Just amazing.
They make great finger gloves
for when you have to touch filthy and repulsive things.
I have to touch filthy and repulsive things every day.
Don't I, honey?
Watch me now.
Those plugs.
And they make wonderful rain hats.
They protect your eyes from harmful UV rays.
And they make...
Oh, man.
Wait till the guys in the office get a load of this.
Do you want to sleep out in the yard?
You mean for a change?
Yeah.
Are your knees cold, sir?
Well, yes, they are a little chilly.
No more frosty knees, no saree.
They are warm.
Honey, how long have we been married?
And we don't have any of these.
All right, boys, here's five bucks.
I'll take the whole mess of them.
Five bucks!
Now get out.
Night has arrived.
And Saturday night belongs to Snake.
Stay tuned.
Monday. Tuesday.
Wednesday. Thursday.
Friday.
Do you have it?
Only Nickelodeon would give you a whole week of guts.
Weekend Warriors rejoice.
It's a new season at a new time.
Every weekday, every afternoon.
Your chance to see fiercer competition,
tougher obstacles, and a meaner,
bigger aggro crag.
Get in on the action sports every weekday
at 534-30 Centro.
Only on Nick.
I now pronounce you...
Hey, take a look.
Awesome, honey-natureos!
And nobody beats a bee to the taste of nuts and honey.
Wanna race?
Raise, holla, taste.
Here comes the...
The honey-sweet taste.
Honey-natureos.
When it's a honey-sweet part of this complete breakfast,
you raise, holla, taste.
Some mornings start out good.
Alonzo morning started out great.
And if this keeps up,
all kinds of things may happen.
They'll retire his number.
His home will become a shrine.
They'll immortalize his Nikes,
not to mention the Foot Locker where he gets them.
So before all that happens...
Get a pair of your own.
The new Nike basketball shoes are now at Foot Locker,
where it all begins.
Nickelodeon presents the continuing story
of the kid who accidentally swung over the bar
and became...
Inside Out Boy!
We find our hero making a deposit at the local bank.
Hi!
When suddenly...
How may I?
We've got an 1150 bank robbery in progress.
Drop it, kid.
Okay.
What'd I do?
No fingerprints.
Very clever. Why'd you do it, kid?
I didn't. I may be wrong-side-out,
but I always do. It's right.
What about the note we found?
It's from my mom.
Please excuse Inside Out Boy from Jim.
What about the disguise?
It's me. Honest.
He's telling the truth. He is.
Then that must mean...
Inside Out Boy!
He's got a lot of what every kid's got inside.
Guts.
For more adventures, keep watching Nickelodeon.
Check this out.
Pardon me.
And Sassy.
I prefer the dry love.
They're lost in the wilderness.
But to get back home...
This is like Arnold Schwarzenegger.
...they'll have to get their act together.
Now, let's let him start cheating!
Woo-hoo!
Change your ingenious.
You can join them on their adventure.
Yes!
Homeward Bound, the incredible journey on Video Rated G.
Let's get them a few more minutes.
I think that's them now.
Sorry we're late.
Hey, I heard about your bike getting stolen. You okay?
Yeah, well, what can you do?
How can anyone steal a bike?
Yeah, it's like ripping off a part of somebody.
I thought about that.
It really ticked me off that someone could take something that was so important to me.
Because once you have the right bike...
It's yours forever.
No matter who has it.
But it's not a total loss.
David came up with a story about it.
It's about this kid and his bike.
A bike that meant so much to him that he took it everywhere he went.
Including his own grave.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story the tale of the shiny red bicycle.
You're the luckiest guy in the world.
Now my dad's thinking about my reel and cleaning it this weekend.
Maybe this year, I'll teach you how to catch a bass.
Yeah, right.
Maybe you'll learn how to be your hooker that'll bring it through your fingerprints.
I saw you! I learned it!
You okay?
Yeah, I'm alright.
You were having another bad dream.
It's okay, Ben. Go back to sleep.
Honest?
Honest.
Good night, Mike.
Night, kiddo.
Looks like someone's gonna fall asleep in this corn wacky.
What?
Are you alright, honey?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm alright. I'm still tired, I saw.
Trouble sleeping?
No, I'm just, you know.
He had another nightmare.
Not another one.
Oh, Mike.
You guys say that like I can do something about it.
Well, from one thing, you could stop blaming yourself for Ricky's death.
That I was there.
I had a chance to save him and I couldn't.
Honey, you know how much your father and I loved Ricky.
He was almost one of the family.
You have to stop knocking yourself around over his death.
Stop blaming yourself and the nightmares will go away.
Yeah.
Keep out of this!
Oh, right. The jest don't stand a chance this season.
Excuse me, hello. What about Sandor?
That man's the key.
Yeah, like last year.
Hey, it was out half the season.
Yeah, and you'll probably get beat up again.
You heard it here first.
Okay.
Did you just see him?
What?
Uh, nothing to forget.
Let's go.
And so, only months to go, NASA met John F. Kennedy's challenge
to put men on the moon before the end of the decade.
The three chosen for this historic flight were
Buzz Aldrin, Michael Collins, and Mr. Buckley.
Mr. Buckley, are you with us?
Ground control to Michael Buckley.
Nabbed.
Paying attention, are we?
Uh, yes, Ms. Westwood.
Good.
Then maybe you would tell everybody what we were talking about
before I had to stop and bring you back to Earth.
Uh, will I, uh...
Not quite.
We're not covering I or uh until next semester.
Nice try, though.
No.
Maybe you're having a bad...
But I had my in-laws over for dinner last night
and needless to say, I need you to come here.
Back to the moon.
It was widely believed that Bobby Kennedy
was going to keep his brother's policies in check
if he would become president.
However, his assassination happened in 1961.
What?
Who was Ricky?
You mentioned the name Ricky in the classroom.
Ms. Westwood said you kept repeating it.
Why?
It was a friend.
Did you two have a fight?
Uh, I don't know.
Put this on the back of your neck.
You said he was your friend.
Did you fight?
He was my friend.
At least, Dad.
About five years now.
Ricky.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're talking about the Haggerty Boy.
Leave it on.
You still have a hard time with Steph?
Sometimes.
How so?
Well, once in a while I get these dreams.
They're nightmares, really.
I'm always trying to save Ricky's life,
but just like at the bridge, I can't.
I keep hoping that the next time I'll be able to,
the next time I can help him,
you know, they never even found his body.
But you know that when the dream does come out the right way,
it won't change the fact that your friend is gone.
That's just a thing. He's not really gone.
I saw him today.
What?
I mean, I'm not feeling too well.
I'm going to let you go home early today.
I think you don't feel well
because of these nightmares and lack of sleep.
You get some rest this weekend,
and if you don't feel better by Monday,
you better have your parents call your family physician.
And stay tuned.
On September 1, 1993,
kids all over the United Kingdom
will see Nickelodeon for the very first time.
And on this momentous day,
you can watch right along with them
as kids from the UK and kids from the USA
join forces for the very first live simulcast of
Get the Picture.
Be there for the international action.
Be there for the first mixed climbing on UK soil.
Be there for the beginning of a new net world.
This Wednesday at 1.30, 12.30 Central
on the first planetary channel for kids, Nickelodeon.
This morning, we were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
It all started when we were separated from our class
on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized,
We're late.
We're gonna miss our bus.
We knew if we missed our bus, we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus, we figured we were aces.
We were long.
How come we don't know anyone on this bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's.
Yeah.
Follow that bus.
Not with famous, which is cool.
Because famous people never do homework.
It's the greatest race game.
Make them take them to the back dirty.
Mash them, mash them, snuggle his study.
A little and now you're a little out of shape.
That's the way you do it when you play the grape escape.
The grape escape game raced through the crazy jam factory
without getting sliced.
Of course, mashed or mushed.
Hey, this is fun.
I'm almost done.
Maybe you want to know too late.
That's the way you do it when you play the grape escape.
Phew.
Now, the sneaking begins again with
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
This really stinks, you know?
Why'd you have to take me to see Dr. McBride anyway?
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe going into shock at the nurse's station
and raving about seeing your dead best friend
might have had something to do with it?
You know, I've never missed the first day of fishing season.
Not once.
Not even the irricki.
You've died.
Mike, I'm sorry.
The doctor said bed rest,
and that's exactly what it's going to be.
You won't think I'm crazy, don't you?
We just don't want you...
I'm not, you know, I saw what I saw.
I know you think you did.
But I also believe the doctor,
when he says that you should be in bed.
Stop the car.
I just saw Ricky riding his bike down Hanover Road.
Dad, please, this will prove I'm not crazy.
That's him.
Sorry.
That's it.
It's bad time for you, pal.
Didn't you just think for just a second that was Ricky?
No, son.
You didn't?
Mike, Ricky's dead.
Let's go home.
Ruth, please, enough with the thermometer.
The pork has been poked and prodded enough for one day.
The doctor says he just needs some rest.
Uh-huh. I knew it. 99.6.
Good. When he hits 100, we'll sell.
I don't get it.
It's a joke about stocks, Ben.
I'm gonna go get a movie.
Can we get you anything while we're up?
Uh, no, I think we'll all write that. Thanks.
Let's go, kiddo.
Can I stay for a little while?
Your brother needs his rest.
It's okay, Mom.
He's only gonna be here for a little while.
Please?
All right.
But the minute Mike starts nodding off, you hit the road.
Thanks.
I'm really gonna miss you not going fishing tomorrow.
I wish you can go.
Yeah, me too.
I've never been to the river without you.
Hey, no sweat.
I was going there when I was 10.
Besides, you'll have your friends with you.
That'd be cool.
Just like you used to go with Ricky.
Yeah.
Mike, did you really see him?
I swear I did, Ben.
Everyone thinks I'm a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
I believe you.
Thanks.
If everyone did, I wouldn't be stuck in bed all stinkin' weekend.
I'll tell you what.
Mom and Dad are going grocery shopping on Saturdays, right?
Before they leave, come up and wake me.
I'll go with you.
You will?
Yeah, sure.
It's not like I'm really sick anyway, right?
Cool.
So what did Dad's joke before me?
Was it dirty?
No, it was just too grown up for you to understand, Ben.
Besides, it wasn't that funny.
I think yours are much better.
Want to hear one?
Hit me, brother.
OK.
Ask me why I'm a great comedian.
Why are you a great comedian?
Tell me.
It's Mary.
What do you think you're going?
Well, well, I need my tackle box.
Yeah.
Yeah, my tackle box.
You know what's in the garage?
Has everyone here gone wacky?
Come on.
Go get your stuff.
Mom and I will give you a ride to Gowers River.
Um, that's all right, Dad.
I'll walk.
Don't be ridiculous.
It's a long hike.
OK.
Good.
I don't sound so excited about it.
Hop in, Ben.
I don't want to hear any more about Ricky.
Ricky?
Ricky!
Here I am, Mike.
Here I am?
Just like that?
Here I am.
What do you want from me?
Sorry, it was an accident.
Yeah.
What did you do that for?
Sorry, another accident.
Ricky, I tried to save you, all right?
I tried.
I did whatever I could.
If that wasn't good enough, do whatever you want to me.
I'm not here to hurt you, Mike.
You're my best friend.
You try to save my life.
Why do you keep coming after me?
I'm here to warn you.
Warn me?
That's great.
Warn me.
You know, it's so important that you have to come up here
and...
Ben.
What?
He's in danger, Mike.
I tried to tell him yesterday at school.
He must go to him before it's too late.
He's at the bridge.
My bridge.
I miss you, Ricky.
I miss you, too, Mike.
Get going.
It's a long ride and we don't want to
have been on this side just yet.
It's a break or a spraying bill.
We're gonna have to go see Dr. Brown.
The very next day, a man who is fishing
found the remains of Ricky Hagrid.
Why had it taken so many years to find him?
Mike Buckley will tell you that it's because
he wasn't even down there.
Not at least until he had paid back a favor
to an old friend.
I declare this meeting of Midnight Society closed.
Until next time.
Yeah, next Saturday night on Nickelodeon.
The ultimate Nickelodeon Guts Challenge.
The radical rock, the aggro crag.
Now bigger, meaner and more mountainous than ever.
Watch Nick put kids on the crag.
Every weekday at 5.30, 4.30 Central, only on Nick.
Nick is.
Kids.
The whole wide world is whining for Wienerville.
Nickelodeon Wienerville.
What are they whining for?
They're whining for their cartoons.
They're whining for the head puppets.
They're whining to watch real kids get wienerized.
They're whining for Nickelodeon Wienerville.
The only show worth whining for every Sunday
starting at 2-1 Central on Nickelodeon.